>> Jen: Ryan just asked
a question about headings.
And he asked the question about, what
headings should be used with which lists?
So in other words, here on my
Hobbies page I have an h1 up here on
the top, and then I have some paragraphs.
Yeah, and then I have my list of hobbies.
Here on my homepage, I have an h2 for
my make my peanut butter,
and jelly sandwich, right?
So Ryan is asking,
what heading should be use with the list?
And the answer is, it depends.
Which is the multimillion dollar
consulting answer to all things.
Just look thoughtful and say,
it depends, and make millions.
So what's gonna matter here is in
the structure of your document.
Where is this list occurring, and
what function is it performing, right?
So in this case, we already had a title
of our web page, each one all about me,
up here towards the top.
And then further down on the page,
we put in an h2,
to describe this part of our page,
the section of the web page.
And then we have an h2 down here
that talks about some links.
Yeah, okay, so if I have another,
sub section here under links,
let's say h3.
>> Jen: H3, and
this is gonna be more links, but
it's gonna be a subsection of my links,
right?
So my favorite music links,
they're part of my links.
These just happen to be,
my favorite music links.
So this is now in h3, and
maybe I have a list under this
about with a whole bunch of links
to my favorite music websites.
And it's under that, then I have an h4,
my favorite classical music websites,
yeah?
And then we can go to an h5.
>> Jen: My favorite Beethoven
music websites.
And then we can go to h6.
>> Jen: My favorite websites about
Beethoven's 9th Symphony.
See, how I made that more,
and more, and more specific?
It's just like headings that you use all
the time when writing papers in English or
anything else, right?
So you can have a whole series of these.
In practice, you rarely get
past an h3 on a web page, okay?
It would be a pretty detailed page to
actually get all the way down to an h6.
>> Speaker 2: Does the a tag have to be
in another tag, usually, or it can stand-
>> Jen: The a tag can stand by itself.
You could have an a tag just sitting on
out there in space, as a link by itself.
But it is typically inside
of something else, yes?
>> Speaker 3: Blank lines like 26 and
28 don't mean anything, do they?
>> Jen: They don't mean anything,
that is a great question.
So the question was about some of these
blank lines that I have in my HTML.
And the fact that they are not reflected,
let me save my page.
They're not reflected at all
in the web page that I have,
going on over here on the side.
Are they?
Okay?
So you can have as many spaces and as many
returns as you want inside of your HTML,
they have no reflection at all
whatsoever on your webpage.
In fact, if we were To just sort of
hold down the space key for a while.
You might think that we're
going to have peanut butter,
and then we're going to wait for
a long time for and jelly, aren't we?
Okay?
But if we take a look at our web page,
there's actually no effect at all here.
So HTML Is not affected by your spaces.
The first space yes,
the second space and beyond, not so
much doesn't care about him.
>> Speaker 2: What if you
untap two spaces there?
>> Jen: If you wanna have two spaces,
there's an actual code for
making additional spaces,
we'll get to that later.